Feature filter on chr 200603 (#1949)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Show an ellipsis if 10 cases or more to display with loqusdb matches
- A new blog post for version 4.17
- Tooltip to better describe Tumor and Normal columns in cancer variants

> - Filter on chromosome start/end in Cancer View

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filter cancer SNVs and SVs variants by chromosome coordinates
```
